SG-34983 Documentation title changed from API3 to API (#339)
shotgunsoftware/python-api: docs/cookbook/usage_tips.rst

API Usage Tips
##############

> Below is a list of helpful tips when using the FPTR API3. We have tried to make the API very

Reviewer: You need to use the long version because the short version has not being defined in this document yet

```suggestion
Below is a list of helpful tips when using the Flow Production Tracking API3. We have tried to make the API very
```
